## Blockchain and education: exploring a network of organizations dealing with academic credit transfer problems
In recent years, the use of blockchain has spread in various domains, including Higher Education. When analyzing its potential applications, some actors and agencies see this technology as a promissory answer to solving the problem of the transfer of academic credits between organizations. While academic research has addressed the conceptual relationship between blockchain and education in a more speculative manner; recently, an increase in pilot experiences characterized by the association of different organizations has begun to be registered. However, there is still little empirical research on who the members of these associations are and what strategies they implement to establish and maintain these coalitions aimed at developing specific applications of this technology in the educational field. In this context, this work aims to study the specific case of an American network of organizations composed of educational institutions, non-profit organizations, government agencies, and private companies whose objective is the development of pilot experiences to resolve academic credit transfer issues using blockchain. In doing so, Social Network Analysis tools are applied to analyze the attributes and positions of the organizations involved, the specific network structure as well as linkage formation. Results indicate that non-profit organizations occupy central places in the establishment of the network and that there are different association strategies depending on the specific attributes of the educational institutions involved. Finally, discussions about the promises and limits of blockchain in education are addressed considering the perspectives of the organizations participating in the network.  
